>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Paul McGuire, our special
guest, back with us,
as we talk about his
work, "A Prophecy
of the Future of America,"
which is informative but also
frightening.
Frightening, Paul, because
if some of these things
do happen-- and some
of them are happening--
this is going to change the
planet like crazy, isn't it?
>> PAUL MCGUIRE: Yes, it is
going to change the planet,
and that's why I wrote it.
And I know people are
cynical, and I'm cynical, too.
The primary purpose of
the book was not monetary.
And the reason
I'm saying that is
because I'm convinced
that our money may
lose its value in the next year.
So what good is having a
lot of worthless money?
The book is a
warning about what's
happening to America
and the world.
And the reason I use
the term "prophecy"
is because everything
that's happened
has been predicted in the
Old Testament and the New
Testament.
But it's also been predicted
by scientists, other religions,
and other sources.
So we're in a time
period that people
from numerous religious
perspectives have predicted,
and our own scientific
community, as well as
the Bible.
>> NOORY: That's what
I find frightening.
Because they all seem to be
aimed at the same focal point.
I look at your book, "A Prophecy
of the Future of America,"
as a modern day
Book of Revelation,
where you, too, focus in on
this point that one day--
probably sooner than
later, unfortunately--
we're going to meet.
What is it about this prophecy
that so many different cultures
have come up with
the same conclusion?
>> MCGUIRE: Well,
it's very interesting.
I mean you go to the Mayan
ruins, and the Incan ruins,
and the Egyptian pyramids.
And as you know, the
pyramids under the water
in the Bahamas-- supposedly they
found the ruins of Atlantis.
I don't know if that's true.
But they claim--
>> NOORY: They found something.
>> MCGUIRE: Something huge.
>> NOORY: Something.
And you have the scientific
predictions regarding
polar shifts and solar
flares, and all this stuff
is converging.
In addition, you
have the potential
of biological plagues.
Never in the history-- a
guy asked me, well, Paul,
why are you so
passionate in saying
this could be the end times.
I said, I'm passionate about
it because never before
in the history of
mankind have we
had the technology and
weapons to eradicate
the earth-- nuclear technology,
biotechnology, or whatever--
in a very short time frame.
>> NOORY: Just like that.
>> MCGUIRE: Just like that.
>> NOORY: Why is it that these
power brokers-- the Illuminati,
the elitists-- why
are they doing this?
I mean, what do they want?
I mean, already they've
got more money than God.
They've got more homes than
they know what to do with.
They travel and do
whatever they want.
They have a very free life.
Why dabble with ours?
What do they want, Paul?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, that's a very
important question, George.
And it's a huge question.
And when people answer that
for themselves, a lot of doors
unlock.
I think that the
answer is two-fold.
Number one is they
truly believe--
I'm talking about
the top people.
They truly believe that
they are genetically
superior to the rest of us.
They truly believe
that they are god-men.
In fact, the case could be
made that they may be god-men,
in the sense that their
DNA may be coupled with,
let's say, Nephilim DNA,
going back thousands of years.
But they believe they're
genetically superior,
that they're the
god-men, the god-race.
>> NOORY: It's their right.
>> MCGUIRE: It is their right.
And because they believe in a
brutal social Darwinian theory,
they believe that
might makes right.
And because they have the power,
because they are genetically
superior, they have the right
to control and dominate us
like god-kings, like a
Pharaoh with his slaves.
>> NOORY: Because they
know better, right?
>> MCGUIRE: Yes.
Well, they actually
consider themselves
the scientific elite.
>> NOORY: Are they bored?
Do they have so much, Paul,
that this is like a little game,
and we're little chess
pieces, and they just
enjoy moving us around?
>> MCGUIRE: I don't
know if they're bored,
but I will say this-- and this
may be controversial to some
people.
First of all, the
term Illuminati--
some people don't
think it exists.
But George Washington
knew it existed.
Thomas Jefferson
Benjamin Franklin
knew it existed.
These were articulate men
and they wrote about it.
And I don't want to make
a blanket statement.
Because there are
people who would
be in the category of
the Illumined Ones,
and people who were members
of certain societies.
They're not all bad.
Just like, you just can't
make a blanket statement.
There are some who have made
very-- like Thomas Paine,
during the American Revolution,
who wrote "Common Sense."
He was supposedly
an Illumined One.
Without him, we would have
had no American Revolution.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> MCGUIRE: But there are groups
in this group that I believe
are very evil.
Now, evil in the sense that
they worship Lucifer-- they
are Luciferians.
Now, they don't think
that's a bad idea.
But the point is, if
they're worshipping Lucifer,
then they play by
Lucifer's rules.
Lucifer's rules are real simple.
It's my way or--
>> NOORY: Or the highway.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
>> NOORY: And I want your soul.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
And I want your soul.
>> NOORY: You have talked
about inter-dimensional beings.
Tell me a little bit about that.
Because science now is saying
that we have multiverses.
We have more than one universe.
Theories that would've
astounded us 20 years ago,
they now say it's commonplace,
that we could have universes
hooked together, like
bubbles would come out
of a bubble machine.
And they're all stuck together.
But there could be hundreds,
thousands of other universes.
My little brain can't
comprehend this.
Is that where these
inter-dimensional beings are
coming from, these
other universes that are
hooked into ours?
>> MCGUIRE: Yes.
And it's very interesting
that the apostle Paul,
in the book of Ephesians, talks
about this spiritual dimension,
this invisible realm,
or parallel universe.
And he talks about
a massive conflict
between the forces of good and
evil in this other dimension.
So he's talking, really, about
a multi-dimensional universe.
And now we have
string theory, which
says we have what, 11 or
13 dimensions-- quantum
physics that confirms this.
So because there are
other dimensions,
there are also beings that
inhabit those other dimensions.
>> NOORY: Like we
inhabit this one, right?
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
And these
inter-dimensional beings
have gained access to
our physical world.
And I would have to say
that's one of the greatest
secrets of our world that
most people don't know.
Most people who read
history and study economics,
they leave out this
all-important dimension--
no pun intended.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCGUIRE: And that is that
our history has been influenced
by beings from
another dimension.
And it goes back before the
flood, all the way to Atlantis,
and it continues on today.
And these inter-dimensional
beings very much
affect the ruling elite.
They guide the ruling elite.
But here's the most
fascinating thing.
These inter-dimensional
beings possess
highly advanced scientific and
highly advanced technology.
>> NOORY: Because they were
probably years ahead of us--
years ahead of us.
>> MCGUIRE: Hundreds of years,
thousands of years ahead of us.
>> NOORY: Millions, perhaps.
>> MCGUIRE: Millions, yes.
>> NOORY: When I read
Genesis, both as a child
and as an adult, I came up with
a couple of my own theories.
And that was what are, and
who are, fallen angels?
How did they get here?
Were they extraterrestrial?
Possibly.
Fallen angels-- like,
what did they fall from?
I mean, how did they get here?
That's where I think the
inter-dimensional beings
theory really comes in.
They probably came here
through some kind of a stargate
or portal, didn't they?
>> MCGUIRE: Well,
George, you're right.
And I'm really amazed that
I didn't get that when
I was young reading
all that stuff.
But you're absolutely right.
And here's the thing that I
found personally problematic,
and now I don't,
because I researched it.
But initially it was
bothersome to me.
These inter-dimensional
beings-- or in Genesis 6,
it says "the b'nai Elohim,"
which means fallen angels
or the sons of God.
They came from
another dimension.
But here's the key thing that
many people don't realize.
When they came to
the earth initially,
on Mount Herman
in Phoenicia, they
brought with them technology.
Now my book, "A Prophecy
of the Future of America,"
deals with Bible prophecy.
But a lot of people don't know
that, within Bible prophecy,
these fallen angels
use technology.
They have, for example,
ships-- you could call them
UFOs, if you wanted.
They know genetic technology.
They imparted the technology
to build super-civilizations,
like Atlantis and
the great pyramids.
And they know
genetic technology.
So these aren't just people
with wings floating around.
>> NOORY: Which is how
they want us to think.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
They have highly
advanced technology.
As I said in the book, the
Tower of Babel is a stargate.
It's an
inter-dimensional portal.
And if we begin to realize,
when we look at the Bible,
that the Bible isn't just some
funky old religious book that
should be tossed
in the fireplace,
if you run out of--
an EMP hits us.
>> NOORY: It's a road map.
>> MCGUIRE: Right,
it's a road map.
But it's a DNA,
holographic, virtual world,
multi-dimensional road map into
the universe and our lives.
And it's a code, if you will.
And when you open the
code, it'll blow your mind.
>> NOORY: Let's assume
for a moment, Paul,
that this universe is connected
to all these other multiverses
through these portals.
I don't know how many there
might be on this planet,
these gates-- maybe Babylon,
maybe some other area, maybe 20
places around this
planet-- who knows.
But I think somehow these
inter-dimensional beings,
by the process of intelligence
and being ahead of us, probably
figured out how to travel
through these things
to get to wherever
they want to go,
throughout all of
these universes.
You think that might be one
of the ways they've done this?
>> MCGUIRE: Absolutely.
Because you go back to Babylon,
and in Revelation 7:18,
it talks about Mystery Babylon.
So Mystery Babylon was these
secret occult religions
that used technology
and used science,
back there with the Tower of
Babel, developed by Nimrod
and his wife, Semiramus.
Now, that technology
was passed on.
Semiramus, by the way,
killed her husband Nimrod.
And to cover it up, she said
he ascended into the heavens
and became Ra the sun god.
And as you move through
history, Nimrod's name
changes from Ra to, like, Osiris
to Apollo to Zeus, Prometheus.
>> NOORY: They're all gods.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
Right.
And you see, though, that
a governing structure
is built in along
with the technology.
And the governing structure
is that the god-men
rule the earth.
Now, you keep moving
forward, and you
have these secret
occult societies.
And let's just take Nazi
Germany, for example.
A lot of people
don't understand that
why was it that the Nazis
were 100 years, 50 years more
advanced than--
>> NOORY: Anybody
else on the planet.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
You go back to 1926-- and I
deal with this in my book,
"A Prophecy of the
Future of America."
You go back to 1926, and
there were these clairvoyant
beautiful females called the
Vril-ya maidens from the Vril
force.
And they telepathically
downloaded,
from some other dimension,
actual UFO rocket technology
blueprints.
Well, you can say,
well, that's nuts.
Well, it wasn't nuts,
because Wernher von Braun,
who started our space program--
the Nazis actually used
these blueprints and developed
all this rocket technology.
So it wasn't nuts.
The Nazis, they
pulled information
in from another dimension.
And they were occultists.
>> MCGUIRE: And they were
hard-core occultists.
>> NOORY: That is fascinating.
I know the story of Robert
Oppenheimer, the father
of our atomic program,
utilized stories in old texts
from India about
atomic bombs and wars.
And he said, well,
they had that.
And he used that
as a blueprint when
he developed the
nuclear program for us.
>> MCGUIRE: You're right.
And I have that
account in my book.
Because after they
detonated the a-bomb test,
he quoted something from
the Vedic's scriptures
of the "destroyer of worlds."
So he was very involved in that.
Now the other thing
is the Nazis--
they were accessing
technology and science
from another dimension.
And they believed in this
master race theory, which
was the genetic
creation of, quote,
god-men, which is what
was happening in Atlantis,
is what was happening--
the invention of god-men
was why God destroyed the
world with the flood of Noah.
Because the fallen angels
and inter-dimensional
beings were mating
with human women.
Now the Nazis accessed this
supernatural technology.
But let's go back
to the mid-1600s.
We have a man named
Sir Francis Bacon.
He had a secret occult
plan for America--
in the 1600s-- for America
to be the new Atlantis
and the new world order.
But the secret of it
revolves around the rebirth
of the god-men in America.
>> NOORY: That's what
they were aiming for.
>> MCGUIRE: Absolutely.
And they've done it.
>> NOORY: Where are we today,
Paul, with all of this?
Because let's assume
this has all happened.
We've got the elitists who
think that they're the gods.
Where do we go from here?
What happens, in your opinion?
>> MCGUIRE: Well,
it's very interesting.
Jesus Christ said, "as it
was in the days of Noah,
so it will be in the days of
the coming of the Son of Man."
I believe he was
primarily referencing
the god-men, the fact that
the fallen angels were
mating with human women.
What he was saying was
that, before his return,
that was going to happen again.
>> NOORY: Again.
>> MCGUIRE: So here we are
in America and the world,
and Transhumanism and
biotech and the singularity.
Transhumanism is
the biggest science,
genetically perfecting man.
And you have a lot
of scientists like,
Kurzweil, who plans
to live forever
by genetically
creating a new body.
And you have the
Department of Defense
creating genetic super soldiers.
And you have experiments--
they're quite open, where
they're merging animal
DNA with human DNA.
Although we don't have proof,
but it's quite possible,
based on Jesus Christ's
words, that in addition
to the integration of
human DNA and animal DNA,
we have currently
going on, right now,
the integration of
the Nephilim DNA
with human DNA, which would be
a fulfillment of Christ's words
about the return of the
Nephilim in our time.
>> NOORY: If we went up to some
of these elitists and gathered
their DNA and tested it, would
we see this link, this lineage?
>> MCGUIRE: I personally
think we would.
I can't prove it.
And I personally think
that going back--
after the polluted DNA was
wiped out during the flood,
the Nephilim returned.
And I believe that, in what
is called Illuminati bloodline
societies, and Royal
Societies and families,
I think there's been an
intentional preservation
of that Nephilim DNA.
I suspect-- I can't prove it--
that in many of the world's
royalty and elite, there exists
that Nephilim-- or you could
say god-men-- DNA.
Their DNA would be different.
>> NOORY: It's different.
What about people who say
that they're reptilian?
David Icke, for example, will
say that, beyond a doubt,
he knows that the power
brokers on this planet
have a reptilian
bloodline to them.
He said you look at their
eyes, and you can almost
see that reptilian,
the yellow looking.
And they have this facade.
They can do this metamorphosis.
You think that's
all real or not?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, David
is very interesting.
And when he first said this, I
said, oh god, this guy's crazy.
That was my initial reaction.
But then I began
to think about what
he said in reference to the DNA.
If they have this DNA, which
I think they probably do,
then-- I don't know
if I would take
the metaphor as far as he does.
But I think he's
touching on a truth.
You go back to the Garden
of Eden, Adam and Eve,
the first man and
women were immortal.
They didn't die.
They were god-men, if you will.
And Lucifer inhabits
a reptilian being.
And he gets them to
pull the cosmic trigger,
and the death force
enters the human race.
So this reptilian
being, Lucifer,
infects the human race.
Now what's interesting
is that these
fallen angels that are
mating with human women,
they are from a reptilian race.
So there's a truth there.
>> NOORY: So he's
onto something.
>> MCGUIRE: I don't know about
the degree of his metaphor,
but he's definitely
onto something.
>> NOORY: This
mating with humans--
if they were dimensional,
for me to assume this,
they also had to be physical.
>> MCGUIRE: Yes.
>> NOORY: How did they get here?
They didn't fall
through a tunnel,
like we see in some
of the "Slider" type
movies and TV shows.
Did they come through
with real, actual craft
that we see, these
UFOs that people see?
Is that how they're
getting here?
What do you think?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, George,
that's an extremely important
question.
And that goes again
to the reality
that these Nephilim or fallen
angels utilize technology.
And utilizing spacecraft
is not that far-fetched,
in the light of the fact
that they use technology.
Now, they used technology
to build Atlantis.
They used technology
to build the pyramids.
But here's the other thing.
They were experimenting
genetically on, not only
the human race, but
they were experimenting
genetically on the
animal species.
That's why--
>> NOORY: Of this planet.
>> MCGUIRE: Of this planet--
that's why the flood had
to wipe out all the animals.
So these fallen angels, or
inter-dimensional beings,
were experimenting
genetically with animals
utilizing technology.
And people don't understand it.
When you read the
biblical account,
which I talk about
in my book and I
give examples-- that
the biblical account
deals constantly with the
technology of the fallen
angels.
They have technology.
And we can't compartmentalize
and think of them
as some kind of beings with
wings, and stuff like that.
>> NOORY: Playing a harp.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
They have science
and technology.
And here's the key thing.
The elites in our world--
the scientific elite,
the secretive elite-- they
are accessing this technology
and science now,
even as we speak,
which is 100 years
into the future.
And they're doing all kinds of
things-- weather modification
being one-- but things
that most people probably
would think belong
in a sci-fi novel.
>> NOORY: Well, you know,
when I talk to people,
whether it's on my
radio show or in person,
and they question the
possibility of this--
for them to understand
inter-dimensional beings
and other universes is
beyond what they're capable
of knowing.
But I bring them back home
to a realistic question.
And that is, can
you even explain
how you're here,
why you're here,
the purpose of you being here?
And they don't have
any answers for that.
So I said, if you can't
answer those questions,
then maybe it's very
logical to assume
that all these other
things are possible,
too, as far-fetched
as they seem.
I mean, on the face
of it, when you
talk about inter-dimensional
beings coming through portals
and stargates, breeding
with-- I mean, it's just,
whoa-- as you said,
science fiction.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
>> NOORY: But when you can't
answer the basic questions
of who are we?
What are we doing here?
How did we get here?
How did our own universe start?
You then have to
say, you know what?
All these other
things are possible.
And maybe one day, Paul,
we'll get the answer to this,
but I think you're close.
And "A Prophecy in the
Future of America,"
those kinds of theories are
very, very close to the answer.
And maybe one day the world
will start realizing that.
>> MCGUIRE: Well, you said in
your radio program when I was
a guest on it-- you
were talking, I believe,
it was about Francis Crick.
He saw the DNA helix
when he was taking LSD.
He got that information not
from his intellectual mind.
He accessed--
>> NOORY: He had to tap.
He had to tap into something.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
And Thomas Edison was
tapping into stuff.
Nikola Tesla technology--
he tapped into stuff.
So this skalar technology
and string theory--
there are other dimensions.
There is the kingdom
of Heaven, which
is-- the kingdom
of Heaven is not
like up in the
atmosphere with clouds.
>> NOORY: In clouds.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
Right.
And we're not going to be
playing harps, thank god.
It is in a different universe.
It's in a different dimension.
You read the Book of
Revelation, and you
see the depiction of Armageddon.
And you read about this abyss.
Well, the abyss
is a portal where
all these demonic entities come
out for this last day's battle.
>> NOORY: Things aren't what
they seem to be, are they?
>> MCGUIRE: No.
It reminds me of this girl
who asked me a question,
and she was terrified.
She thought that Heaven was
going to be eternal monotony.
And I thought the same thing.
I mean, the last
thing I wanted to do
was play a harp for a million--
>> NOORY: Forever
>> MCGUIRE: --years.
Heaven is so far beyond the
scope of the human imagination.
Think of your creativity,
my creativity, your viewers'
creativity.
People forget God is a creator.
It's a creative world.
It's going to be
creativity enhanced.
We are going to see, in that
other dimension of Heaven--
and you can read about
this in Revelation.
We're going to see
colors that are
beyond the color
spectrum of earth.
We will see flowers and
waterfalls and natural displays
that are so far beyond
the beauty of earth.
Where do people get the idea
that Heaven-- God is not
boring.
So why would Heaven be boring?
It's not going to
be bor-- it's going
to be the most mind-blowing
cosmic adventure.
And what I like
to tell people is
that Heaven is going to
be an ecstatic state where
every second you get higher,
more ecstatic, more ecstatic.
I'm not talking about
"Breaking Bad" meth addiction.
I'm talking about
the euphoria that
comes from being in paradise.
>> NOORY: Yeah, which
we can all reach--
>> MCGUIRE: Which we
can all reach, yes.
>> NOORY: --if, and here's
the big if-- if we can fight
the shackles of the elitists,
who have their own plan,
don't they?
>> MCGUIRE: You're
right, because they have,
to use the old expression, they
have sold their-- there are
people, sadly to say,
who on this earth,
who have sold their--
>> NOORY: Sold their soul
to the devil, didn't they?
Dr. Faustus.
>> MCGUIRE: Yes.
>> NOORY: And they regretted it.
>> MCGUIRE: Yeah.
>> NOORY: I remember when
the time came for reckoning,
he didn't want to give his
soul up, but it was too late.
>> MCGUIRE: No.
And people laugh.
People laugh, but you know what?
The universe is built
on economics and laws.
Whether people
like it or not, you
stand on the top of the
Empire State Building,
you're going to die.
Splat.
That's the law of gravity.
You can say you
don't believe in it.
It exists.
So the universe
and life has laws.
There's the laws of
this time period.
And then there's the
laws of eternity.
And so, our ideas and our
choices have consequences.
>> NOORY: All the way.
Paul, thank you for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>> MCGUIRE: Thank you, George.
>> NOORY: Paul McGuire,
author of, of course,
"A Prophecy of the Future of
America," and also, of course,
"The Day the Dollar Died."
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]